{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red58\green58\blue58;
\red26\green26\blue26;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c29412\c29412\c29412;
\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c87059;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 10 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 unfamiliar text
\f1\b0\fs32 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0C# and/or VB
\b0\fs28 - \cf5 \strokec5 Though\'a0
\b C#
\b0 \'a0and\'a0
\b VB
\b0 .NET are syntactically very different, that is where the differences mostly end. Microsoft developed both of these languages to be part of the\'a0same.NET Framework development platform. They are both developed, managed, and supported by the\'a0same\'a0language development team at Microsoft.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf5 Drupal websites-
\b0 s content management software. It's used to make many of the\'a0websites and applications you use every day.\'a0Drupal\'a0has great standard features, like easy content authoring, reliable performance, and excellent security. But what sets it apart is its flexibility; modularity is one of its core principles.\
\

\b Modular programming
\b0 \'a0-is the process of subdividing a computer\'a0program\'a0into separate sub-programs. A module is a separate software component. It can often be used in a variety of applications and functions with other components of the system.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf6 \strokec6 Object-oriented programming
\b0\fs48 -
\fs32 \cf5 \strokec5 is a programming paradigm based on the concept of "objects", which may contain data, in the form of fields, often known as attributes; and code, in the form of procedures, often known as methods\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b \cf5 \
R
\fs36 ESTful API
\b0 \'a0
\fs32 -- also referred to as a\'a0
\b RESTful
\b0 \'a0web service -- is based on representational state transfer (
\b REST
\b0 ) technology, an architectural style and approach to communications often used in web services development.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\partightenfactor0

\b \cf5 \

\fs36 Oracle Database
\b0\fs28  -
\fs32 is a multi-model database management system produced and marketed by Oracle Corporation. It is a database commonly used for running online transaction processing, data warehousing and mixed database workloads\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf5 \'a0responsive\'a0website
\b0\fs32  -automatically changes to fit the device you're reading it on. Typically there have been four general screen sizes that\'a0responsive\'a0design has been aimed at: the widescreen desktop monitor, the smaller desktop (or laptop), the tablet and the\'a0mobile phone.\
\

\b\fs36 Agile Software
\b0\fs32 \'a0Development is an umbrella term for a set of methods and practices based on the values and principles expressed in the\'a0Agile\'a0Manifesto. Solutions evolve through collaboration between self-organizing, cross-functional teams utilizing the appropriate practices for their context.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 Click tracking
\b0\fs32  -is a technique used to determine and record what computer users are clicking with their mouse while browsing the Web. The clicking action is then sent and logged by the client, Web browser or server while the computer user continues to explore and click around the ad application or Web page\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf5 \strokec5  
\f0\b\fs36 purchasing\'a0funnel
\f2\b0\fs32 ,- i
\f0 s a consumer focused\'a0marketing\'a0model which illustrates the theoretical customer journey towards the purchase of a product or service. ... Awareness \'96 the customer is aware of the existence of a product or service.}